doc: add minutes for meeting 22 Jan 2025 (#4007)
nodejs/build: doc/meetings/build-wg-meeting-2025-01-22.md

# Node.js  Build WorkGroup Meeting 2025-01-22

## Links

* **Recording**:  <https://youtube.com/live/YLXqRv0LfDY>
* **GitHub Issue**: <https://github.com/nodejs/build/issues/4003>

## Present

* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Richard Lau (@richardlau)
* Michael Zasso (@targos)
* Joshua M. Clulow (@jclulow)
* Milad Fa (@miladfarca)
* Matthew Benson (Matt Benson)

## Agenda

## Announcements

*Extracted from **build-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/build

* Equinix Metal sunset, June 2026 [#3975](https://github.com/nodejs/build/issues/3975)
  * This is equinix metal as a whole is being sunset 2026

>   * We have already moved the x86 machines out based on their request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * We are already moving the x64 machines out based on their request
```
